Add armagicpu to release notes (#205599)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Arm and AArch64 Support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> - Added support for ``-mcpu=armagicpu`` as an alias for ``neoverse-v3ae``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for the Arm AGI CPU via the ``-mcpu=armagicpu`` command-line option.
```
